I showed up at detox and I OD'd on the front door,
because I used drugs that I didn't know
what they were. I died pretty much on that doorstep to that detox.
My name is Dion, Dion Scott. I'm, I
don't know, just your average Aboriginal guy trying to grow up in
a kind of a colonized world. I was adopted when I was two
years old into a White family, taken from my Aboriginal family and you know
I grew up not looking like everybody else. I was you know ostracized
right away just by the way I looked.
As I grew up, I changed it and you know kind of added
to the whole stigma. So while in detox,
right away I saw the nurses looking at me and they
quickly identified that you know I was a large man and and I
heard them say, they're like, "We don't wanna deal with this guy.
Let's load him up, right?" And I'm like...
And and next thing I know I'm like drooling because I've had too
much Valium, and I was like this for like four days,
like I could barely move, and it was absolutely horrible and they're like,
"No, you're fine. You're a big tough guy," and the whole time I
was in there. And I'm like, "Stop giving me so much meds." And
they're like, "If you don't take your meds, we'll hold you down and
give you your meds." I'm like, "What?" Like it was absolutely ridiculous
the way I was treated while I was in there. And this was
a year ago. Like you know, this wasn't 20 years ago.
This was a year ago and I was like you know being identified
as a problem as soon as I got in there
because I was larger than everybody else in there. I would definitely say,
open your heart, open your mind, understand where
they're coming from and just you know and listen you know listen to
what they have to say. Maybe close your eyes and listen, if that
helps. Well, I had a very good nurse.
In 2006, I hurt my leg really bad
and she was so supportive. She knew I didn't want to be there
and after I was discharged from the hospital, I actually returned like two
years in a row dropping off chocolates just there because they treated me
so well.